Pricing Overview | Google Cloud
Register now for Google Cloud Next in Las Vegas, April 22-24, to experience the latest in AI and product launches
.
Google Cloud pricing
Save money with Google Cloud’s transparent and innovative approach to pricing. Estimate your costs with our
pricing calculator
or contact us to get a quote for your organization.
Request a quote
Get started for free
Start running workloads for free
Create an account to evaluate how Google Cloud products perform in real-world scenarios. New customers get
$300 in free credits
to run, test, and deploy workloads, including Google-recommended,
pre-built solutions
. All customers can use
20+ products for free
, up to monthly usage limits.
$300
in free credits
20+
free products
Only pay for what you use
With Google Cloud’s pay-as-you-go pricing structure, you only pay for the services you use. No up-front fees. No termination charges. Pricing varies by product and usage—
view detailed price list.
Save up to 57% on workloads
Google Cloud saves you money over other providers through automatic savings based on monthly usage and by pre-paying for resources at discounted rates. For example,
save up to 57%
with committed use discounts on Compute Engine resources like machine types or GPUs.
2:48
Gain visibility into current cost trends and forecasts
Stay in control of your spending
Control your spending
with budgets, alerts, quota limits, and other free cost management tools.
Optimize costs
with actionable, AI-powered intelligent recommendations and custom dashboards that display cost trends and forecasts.
We’re here to help with
free 24/7 billing support
.
Estimate your costs
Understand how your costs can fluctuate based on location, workloads, and other variables with the
pricing calculator
. Or get a custom quote by connecting with a
sales representative
.
0:46
4:01
Get free credits
From ideation to launch and beyond, build with us and get access to the best of Google. Startups can get up to $350,000 in Cloud credits through the
Google for Startups Cloud Program
to continue scaling with customized support and solutions.
Apply now
Want more guidance? We’ve got you covered.
Migration assessment: Estimate the cost of migration and get an end-to-end plan.
Request free migration assessment
Discover five ways to reduce overall cloud spend with a cost optimization strategy.
Download the whitepaper
Partner with trained consultants for help with implementation, migration & more.
Find a partner for any budget
Take the next step
Tell us what you’re solving for. A Google Cloud expert will help you find the best solution.
Contact sales
Work with a trusted partner
Find a partner
Start using Google Cloud
Try it free
Continue browsing
See all products